I'm watching a [__] blood bath out
there as generative AI comes for one
industry after another. You guys are
probably seeing it like customer service
reps, software developers, graphic
designers, these jobs are seriously
under threat as AI comes in and kind of
just kicks over the whole table in our
um careers and our workplaces and stuff
like that. So, I'm going to talk to you
a little bit today about what I see
going on up there. Manuj, thanks a lot
for setting that up. you know, um I see
companies like yours and like mine, like
Earls and Shane's, you know, we're
building lifeboats for people to try to
figure out, you know, where to go from
here. And it's going to require a lot of
like upskilling, AI adoption, and and um
you know, integrating with these things
to try to figure them out. And so, I'm
going to go through some of that kind of
stuff here today. I got to thank Julian
for putting together this like six AI
person master class for you all. I think
it's a pretty interesting time to do
that. We've got a lot of different
perspectives here and um there's a lot
of experts in this room. I'm going to
talk a little bit more about community
and the role that it's going to play as
we kind of embrace all these tools and
technologies and techniques and stuff
like that along the way. Oh, by the way,
I'm a genius, too.
Um, I work at the Google News Initiative
in their AI for journalism lab. I have
65 journalists right now that are at
representing 15 newsrooms that are on a
six-month journey of trying to figure
out AI. not necessarily on the
journalistic side, but let's call it the
back of the house side. Subscriber
growth, audience reach, competitive
analysis, research, all the things that
it takes to run a successful news
operation these days. I also started a
company called The Upgrade, the
Upgrade.ai. Shane's an instructor there.
He recently launched the AI upgrade for
sales leaders. I've run six cohorts of a
certification program called AI upgrade
for creative professionals. This isn't
just artists. It's marketing managers,
it's writers, it's coders, it's anyone
who makes something from nothing, those
jobs are about to change. And in
particular, if there's a correct and
right verifiable answer that you produce
for your job, you better watch out
because those are the jobs AI is coming
for first. You know, we were told when
we were kids, become a lawyer, become a
doctor, software developer, skip the
drivers and factory worker jobs. Those
ones are going away. All us white collar
workers, info workers will be safe.
Turns out the opposite is true. The
first place we're seeing big
encroachments is in these uh area these
these white collar jobs where there is a
right answer. A couple things stuck out.
Uh some quotes recently.
Um Microsoft CEO a month ago said 25% of
our production code has been written by
AI. It's pretty that's pretty crazy.
It's a big stat. 25% of Microsoft's
production code right now has been
written by AIS. Sam Alman the very next
week referring to that comment said
talking about the percentage of code
that AI writes is not that useful. I'll
tell you most of our important functions
today are written by AI. So for Sam it's
80% of the most effective powerful
things he does those things are being
written by AI today. So we're not
talking about the future we are talking
about right now.
Uh, another thing I wanted to mention
too that brought came up while Man was
talking, Sam also said a couple weeks
ago, he said he's really enjoying
looking over people's shoulders right
now to see how they're using AI. And
he's particularly interested in how
different generations are using it. So,
he said older people are using it as a
Google
replacement. Middle-aged people are
using it as a a life coach, life
decision maker for everything. He said
20s and 30s year olds will not make a
life decision without consulting AIs
first. Everything from how to break up
with their girlfriend, what type of, you
know, career they should explore, what
the best school for this type of thing
is, every single decision being run
through AI. not to make the decisions as
you said maybe but to inform the array
of possibilities that are presented and
just to explore those ideas and to
really consider the implications and I
think then make a decision either based
on intuition
or belief belief in oneself and then he
said finally that the youngest people
are using AI as an operating system for
life tying all the bits and bobs
together and recycling and remixing them
through these different models and I
think that you're performing ing one age
bracket down from where you're at.
You're definitely using it in this
middle way as a life decision maker,
life advisor and guide. And I'm trying
to use it one level down too where I'm
tying, you know, in the even the younger
age where where I'm trying to tie all
these different systems together through
APIs, Python scripts, knowledge bases,
assistance, agents, and this type of
thing. And so I I thought that's an
interesting lens to to look through.
Right
now, I wanted to give a shout out to
Shane. Shane, good job yesterday, man.
You really crushed it. I really enjoyed
your presentation a lot. He talked about
that Iron Man suit that he's building,
and then he showed us a bunch of the
augmentations that he had built to do
discovery, coaching, proposal
generation,
uh, objection handling. I mean, you've
got quite the the the group of
assistants and agents there. And u, I
thought that was pretty awesome. So, at
the core of what Shane's got is he's
built
this second brain. Man calls it brain
butler.
Essentially I build a knowledge base of
it starts with me and I do concentric
circles out from there. So when I first
started getting into AI, I was like
rewrite my resume, update my content for
my website. Uh here's some articles and
transcripts of me giving keynotes back
in the day. Let's turn those into text.
And I started to build a knowledge base
of these documents that kind of gave the
baby computer brain an idea of who it
was dealing with in terms of my values,
my perspectives, my goals, experience,
my connections. In fact, uh I think a
lowhanging fruit for everybody in this
room I'd love to see you give a try to
is set up a custom assistant either on
GPT in Google they're called gems in uh
Microsoft they're called agents. uh
confusingly enough. Um but all an
assistant is is a system prompt plus a
knowledge base. A system prompt can be
as simple as you write for me. And a
knowledge base can be as simple as your
resume. So just go to chat GPT, make a
free account, say make custom GPT, tell
it what you want it to do, think for me,
write for me, do whatever. Don't over
complicate it. Export your LinkedIn as a
PDF, attach it, hit save, start asking
it questions. You'll have gone from the
whole wide world of generalized AI slop
with those five clicks into like a very
focused 10% of the depth of the AI
knowledge, the thousand miles deep that
Manuj was talking about. It's it's quite
incredible, you know, like think about
yourself as a ven diagram and the school
you went to and the era and where you
live and the jobs you've held all
overlapping. And when you really drill
down into that middle area, that's you
on one level. And you it you you don't
need a lot of information to tell the AI
how to get there. Now, that being said,
this is a very iterative approach and
this is the exciting part about it,
right? So, we can now go click edit on
that same assistant. We can maybe add a
writing style guide. One of my favorite
things to do is just point a bunch of
emails or sometimes I even export my
text messages or uh different things.
you start have to start to think about
like people say data is the new gold
mine or data is the well what data for
you is gold start to think about that
find it bring it together clean it up
feed it into some of these assistants
and watch like some of the magic that
starts to come out um so the things that
I like to do are uh I feed in a bunch of
stuff I've written I say I'm hiring a
new intern next week they're going to do
all my writing for me analyze all this
stuff and make a ghost writing style
guide for my intern So, make sure that
everything that comes out of their thing
is exactly the way I would write it. I'm
going set that one
aside. Then, one of my favorite things
to do, the best way for me to interact
with AIS right now is via my voice. I
love recording and transcribing. Such a
great way to get things out of yourself
or out of other people and into the AIS.
So, then I might just like have a little
rant or have someone interview me,
record myself, five minutes, whatever,
right? feed it, transcribe it, feed it
to the AI, and say something like, "I'm
also going to give that intern a
worldview and perspectives document so
that it knows how I think, what I value,
where I'm coming from." So now our
little assistant has access to three
documents. It's got our LinkedIn, it's
got our writing style guide, it's got
our worldview and perspectives document.
I also export the endorsements from my
LinkedIn and other places because what
you say about yourself is one thing, but
how much more valuable is what everybody
else says about you? It shows the
computer brain you from various
perspectives. So I start to just work my
way through this world of personal data
that I can use
to give this thing depth. Over time it
is possible to have these you know tools
quote direct childhood stories or
excerpts from meetings or other things.
Your books even you know books are a
gold mine. you know, attaching your
books to any sort of assistant, just
think of the rich amount of depth and
data you're given that intelligence
about who you are and what you care
about.
Um, assistance. So, I was talking to you
a little bit about the assistance and
the very basic ones. You know, you write
for me, attach a style guide. I uh some
of the geeks in this room, I wanted to
give you another tool that's like my
favorite that doesn't come up very
often. I mentioned to the guy from PAX,
hey, do you know Daniel Measler, the
security professional? Hey, I get some
nods out there. All right, Daniel
Masler. I'm so hip to what this guy's
doing right now. He's built this
community-maintained open-source
prompting framework. That is gold. You
showed your um your really cool uh
prompt making assistant, an AI that
writes new prompts. That's awesome. You
can take that little one, you write for
me, and stick it in Manuja's prompt
upgrader. You're going to get a much
better writing prompt. But now imagine
tapping into 12,000 people that are a
part of Daniel Measler's open- source
community that maintains the you write
for me prompt. I go to his thing.
Actually, it's updated automatically in
the background of my computer every day.
I have hundreds of securitybased and
career
assistantbased community-maintained
prompts. Some of these things are like
1,500 lines of code as a markdown file.
That's a single prompt. I mean, they are
very very complicated and and
fascinating. So, check out Daniel
Masler's open- source prompting
framework called Fabric. It's amazing.
You can install in half an hour. It also
integrates with Olama. Ola is an open
source tool for downloading models and
running them on your machine. On my Mac
right there, I'm running like four
terabytes of LLMs, open source LLMs. And
I I use Daniel Masler's project to
interact with them. He also has another
project called Telos. And it's the idea
of making these markdown files that know
us. That structured way
of documenting on ourselves for these
machines so that they can understand us
and prioritize different things. So
between this open- source prompting
framework fabric and this other project
he's got called Telos, we have a lot of
the open- source infrastructure to build
really powerful assistants and agents
right out of the box. Uh specifically
you security guys. Check out fabric.
Half the prompts he wrote are
like very technical, very easily usable
prompts and you can steal them, use
them, remix them. I um take those
prompts and I build assistance out of
them. So I take one of his prompts, I
modify it to my specific needs and then
I build either a gem or a custom GPT and
they're quite
amazing. Um I said that assistants are
just a system prompt plus a knowledge
base.
Well, what are agents then? Agents are
assistants tied together more or less.
You know, something initiates a process,
an assistant does its job using a
knowledge base and some system prompts.
It takes those results, it passes them
to the next assistant. In my case, I've
built a tool called Whisper Forge. Would
you grab me a water,
Shane? There's one right there.
Actually, I built this tool called
Whisper Forge.
Thanks.
That'll work.
Um, so I told you I love transcriptions
and uh that they're the best way to get
things out of my head and heart and into
the world. So I built this tool called
Whisper Forge that uh takes my
transcriptions or takes my audio files
and sends them off to the Whisper API
from Open API for transcription,
receives them back. Then it starts to
run through a series. It's an agent that
runs through a series of assistants. A
few of the assistants have these Daniel
Mesler prompts at their core. The first
one's like uh okay, I got back a
transcription. First one is wisdom
expander. It looks for the key ideas,
the best quotes, all the proper nouns
that you mentioned like people's names,
company names, things like that. Looks
up a URL for them and then starts to uh
synthesize the quotes, ideas, and links
into analysis.
Then the agent passes the transcript and
the wisdom expanded to an outline
generator. Creates an outline with H1's,
H2s, H3s, starts to thread links into
the whole thing. Then the agent passes
the outline, the wisdom, and the
transcript to a social media editor,
social media content creator, an image
prompter that makes a bunch of images
that represent the key ideas in that
thing. And um and then it creates a blog
post, an article. I I don't call it a a
blog post. I call it
a,250word featurelength article for
either New Yorker or Wired because it it
does a better job than if I just tell it
to write a blog post. Then uh I realized
this thing gets way better when it's
recursive one time. So I put an editor
in there that just thrashes the whole
thing, gives it 50% revision, and pops
it back to the beginning of the agentic
process where it runs through again.
Now, the editor's notes are passed
through with the transcript, with the
outline, with the wisdom into social
media content, image prompts, and the
and the blog post in the end. So, this
is my little agentic system called
Whisper Forge. Um, you know, I have in
my notes here that I wanted to call out
to to Mike at Nexus in the back
yesterday. He said something really
important. We he was up here and it was
just a little tiny thing. A lot of you
guys might have missed it, but he we
were talking about AIS and and jobs and
and he was like, "Yo, we got that." He's
like, "All my customer service people,
they're pretty much just human tenders
essentially." He's like, "When a ticket
comes in, we triage it. We go find the
answer." I think you call it
remediation. You give them a remediation
button. Would you just shout out real
quick the little system that you guys
built for your customer support people,
please?
What's that, bro?
Yeah, so effect just tell us how it
works real quick if I missed some of it.
I thought it was pretty
of everyone I heard yesterday, I feel
like this guy's company has their head
most wrapped around AI.
So we've done a lot of AI work but one
we've done on our verb is again we've
automated the ticket process except for
we're in touch with the customer because
we're all in the customer service
industry customer service you could do
AI and customer service at the same
time. Thanks man I really appreciate it.
You know, also I came up to tell you
last night that that uh I thought that
that was pretty important little thing
that you dropped and I sat there for a
little while and we listened and um and
maybe I'll save more of the explanation
for a second, but he was talking about
other ways they're using AI inside their
organization and we we hit on another
really novel way. Um he's got a bunch of
junior interns and he's lined them up
with a bunch of vibe coding tools and
he's having and and correct me at the
end if I'm wrong or whatever, but he's
got his senior people writing unit
tests,
eval frameworks that pretty much
say keep iterating my interns code until
it passes all of these tests and then
once it passes all of these tests then
bring it over into deployment. And um I
think that's that's a really fascinating
way to to integrate vibe coding, the
kind of latest and greatest trendy kind
of thing when it comes to AI into a
production code business like you're
doing. Um and I want I'll get into that
a little bit in again in a second.
So yesterday you guys saw me maybe
running around up here doing all sorts
of stuff and and maybe you weren't sure
exactly what I was doing. We got a
little media making table up here. But
um I I've been running a test here using
this Whisper Forge tool and I've built
Julian a [__] gold mine, man. I
recorded every single session yesterday
and um in real time was running it
through Whisper Forge, transcribing it,
expanding the wisdom, making outlines,
social media content, blog posts, all
this kind of stuff. So I gave him back
at the end of the day a knowledge base.
It's called like Julian's next channel
next 2025 knowledge base. And it's got
everyone's talks, all the stuff, all the
assets built out. And that's quite
amazing cuz like by the end of the day
when I closed my laptop, all that [__]
was done and ready to go, shared with
his team who's making content, all these
channels. But there's something deeper
going on too. And that's like the
unlocking of new human capabilities. And
and what I mean here, I know it sounds a
little hyperbolic, but what would you
have had to do before yesterday to
synthesize all the knowledge that is
passed in a room like this? Like you
guys are the zeitgeist of the industry.
And what was shared here from the stage
yesterday when taken in aggregate and
analyzed with meta tools represents
where we're going as a group, where this
industry is going, where the future is
going. Right? So Julie and I sat down
this morning and we started asking
yesterday questions. We're like, "What
were the top five themes that emerged
across all of these speakers or thread
together the four AI talks that happened
yesterday so I can give my people a
cohesive message?" And you know, we
realized you would have had to hire a
journalist per session to record,
transcribe, write all that content,
synthesize it, but then you'd have to
get all those journalists together at
the end of the day and get them talking
and agree into some stuff, actually
sharing their info, making some
analysis, i.e. it would have been
impossible. you know, we don't have 15
journalists on this team. We don't have
the ability to synthesize all that stuff
and then write that type of content. So,
we are able to see and ask this thing
questions that have not been possible
before. And, you know, I've been joking.
It's like, you know, God came down from
the mountain and gave us these tools,
but we don't even know what to do with
them yet. We we have to live with them
for a while before we our brains really
start to unlock and we figure out what's
possible. And so I point to this example
like I don't even know what I want to
ask to that database next but I know
that there's gold in there and I know
that there's analysis to be done. In
fact I've got this hunch that like maybe
it reinvigorates the whole conference
world in some ways tools like this like
maybe we come together to make community
knowledge and out from that come some
sort of reports or tools or something
that the world needs you know or
whatever. And so all of a sudden it
starts making sense for us to spend the
great resources to fly across the
country and the world to come together
to share ideas and mix and
cross-pollinate because we can reflect
and analyze and share and repackage and
go all content waterfall like Earl does
on it at the end. You know I can take
this keynote or any of these you know
the whole conference and start to I
could have you know I could set up a
year's worth of podcast blog posts deep
analysis links back and forth to you
guys. all the content came from the
stage yesterday and like sure planted
lots of seeds in our head but other than
that a lot of the value dissipates. It
just kind of blends off into the ether
especially the ability to make those
meta analysis and draw conclusions and
connections. So that tool exists. I
wanted to do a talk window slides
because it's a personal edge for me. I
just thought I'd get up here and talk
about what I care about and what I love.
And so that's why I'm not demoing it,
but I'd be happy to show you down there.
Happy to send you a link. Me and Julian
got some some things we're cooking up
with Shane and Manuj and the other
folks. What an exciting time it is to be
a geek. A lot of you are in this for the
tech. Yeah, we've been successful. We've
started businesses now. Sometimes we're
salespeople, we're CEOs, but it's the
coolest time ever to be a geek. There's
very, very powerful tools available to
us. You know, fire up your GitHub, check
out Daniel Masler's code repository.
There's a lot of great stuff happening
out there. And that brings me into this
idea of vibe coding. And I mentioned um
how Michael's doing at Nexus there where
he's lining up all his interns with
these vibe coding tools and just letting
them bang away on stuff and make all
sorts of experiments and explorations,
but through this framework that his
senior developers put down where code's
got to pass all these tests and
compliances before it's even considered
for production deployment. Well, I'm
using vibe coding in a different way,
and I haven't really kind of like shared
this idea in public before, so bear with
me as I stumble through it a bit, but
I've watched in the last three months
how we prototype and iterate things with
our clients completely change. So, and
this is happened two times significantly
for me in the last couple months.
Clients or partners come to me and
they're like, I want a tool that does
this. I want to analyze this hashtag,
make some media analysis on it, surface
some stories from it, and I need you to
build it for me, whatever. Right? The
old model, the old model was I'd listen
to that person, write down what they
say, make a requirements document, make
sure it was cool with them, go off,
share it with my team, disseminate that
info, build some interface prototypes,
come back to them, share them. And by
the time I delivered the product,
usually we realized that the person
didn't ask for the right thing to begin
with. They didn't really even know what
they wanted when they asked. They just
had like an idea and they came to us,
right? So then we burn money and cycles
and energy. Think of all the staff
people who are like, "Ah, I build all
this cool [__] for my work, but it never
gets deployed." You know that like what
kind of a demoralizing feeling is that?
And then a lot of these tools could be
super effective or powerful, but we
actually never get to the finish line
because of the process of trying to
going through this development process.
Well, now, and it's happened a couple
times for me recently. While I'm
listening to the person on the phone,
I'm jotting down their requirements. I'm
recording bits and bobs. I head over
into Lovable or Vzero or N8N or Cursor
or any of these really cool vibe coding
tools that are out and I start to just
prototype what they're telling me and I
show it back to them and I'm like, "Yo,
is this what you're talking about? Let's
go let's go click around the interface."
And you, you know, like I'm dealing with
like marketing managers and CEOs who are
trying to get products built. They're
not thinking about UX interactions and
hovers and how things go and user flows
and stuff like this. And so now like in
a one-hour call, I can present someone
back three functional prototypes that
represent exactly what came out of their
mouth and they can click on them and I
can be like, I'm going to talk to you in
a week after you played with that and
you tell me if this is what you actually
want. And so I'm I'm seeing
a significant change coming in how we as
like service providers meet the needs of
our clients in terms of like showing
them back to them their ideas, iterating
on that feedback before then you know
building something um production styles.
There's another thing about that too and
this kind of relates to some of the
stuff you're building. You know you and
I have been building the minut. I'm
talking to building like assistants and
agents and stuff. I've started to use
the vibe coding tools as like my
finishing school for all my assistants.
So, it's like once you've got your
system prompt and your knowledge base
and you've gotten the back and forth
going of like, yeah, this thing is
useful and valuable and I like it and
you know, this is good. You know, you
build it, you iterate on it and you're
like, "This is good." Well, then I take
those guys over into any vibe coding
tool and I start to build an app. Either
my own personal app, it's just the same
stuff, right? It's just uh now it's a
what what's an app in relation to an
assistant? If an assistant is a system
prompt plus a knowledge base, an app in
this case is like a system plus a
knowledge base plus a UI or a system
prompt plus a knowledgebased plus a UI
plus API integration to different other
tools that can go out there and stuff
like that. So I'm really hyped on this
vibe coding stuff right now. not just as
a way to like get the computer to write
code for me, but as a whole new way of
like re-imagining how tools and software
and stuff like that is
built community. All right. I run the BC
AI industry association out in British
Columbia. This is like a 200 or so
member organization representing the
interests
of companies that are exploring AI,
people, projects, research labs, etc.
Um, this is a very very useful
experimental laboratory for me
to grow and learn, not just for myself,
but as a group of people. You know,
there's way too much to learn right now
about all this stuff. It's really
changing fast. There's new [__] coming
out all the time. I find the only way to
stay ahead is to form like a virtuous
learning circle inside a community where
you can go deep down rabbit holes, bring
that research back to everybody else,
and share that with them and get them
hyped on it. and and with the kind of
promise that other people are doing the
same thing and you're all kind of
lifting each other up. And guess what
guys, that's what this is. That's what
you guys already have with this
community. This isn't not just an event.
It's a community. You all get together a
bunch of years in a row. Julian, I love
his story. Dude got into mouse pads as
his entree into this world. He started
making and selling mouse pads until
China dropped the floor out. Then he
told me a story of uh he ran cataloges,
physical world cataloges until the very
first online store came to him and asked
him to buy his catalog SKs on a CDROM.
And he's like, "Why the heck do you want
that? You starting your own catalog?"
He's like, "No online store." And his
business for a while became selling his
SKS on CDROM to these people to start
online stores. And then this community
grew from that. And a lot of you have
been with Julian for a long long time,
you know, and he's cultivated uh great
vibes and camaraderie here amongst this
crew. And this is the type of thing that
can buttress or stabilize us through
this tidal wave, through this blood
bath, through these uncertain times. So
I encourage you to lean on each other uh
that form subgroups within this group.
You know, people who are interested in
security, people who are interested in
AI and agents and stuff like that. This
is very well the container you need to
hold and develop your personal and
company growth as it relates to
AI. Now I want to encourage you again
like manuj did what can you do this
week? Are you willing to take my
challenge of like build an assistant
today with a oneline system prompt and
just a PDF document that says something
about you? There's very lowhanging
fruit. And I'll tell you one last thing
that has revealed itself to
me. I've understood this idea of
compounding effort much like compounding
interest in the finance world through
every smart conversation I have with AI.
By taking the best of that and bringing
it into my central knowledge base and
day by day adding to that, I've created
a 10,000 tendril crystalline octopus of
knowledge and wisdom that I can deploy
at a moment's notice. as any new AI
comes out, I can just skim the best off
of my knowledge base, plug it in, and
this thing is no longer a dumb tool, but
a hyper, you know, focused assistant
that knows and thinks like me. So, I
would say there's lowhanging fruit. Take
the daily challenge, build yourself an
assistant, and then I got one more
challenge for you. I call them, I don't
know, like daily mind dumps or something
like that, but five minutes a day, just
record stuff. I do it in the morning
when I wake up. I just record my dreams,
my to-do list for the day, my what I
didn't sleep well about or something.
Just get it out of you. Throw it into
that little assistant that you just made
that knows that writes for you and knows
who you are and just be like, "Analyze
my stuff and give me back a to-do list."
And then, you know, you've done that for
a week and you're going to have a
knowledge base of a lot of very
interesting things that matter
specifically to you. So, anyway, that is
my kind of renegade take on AI. Thank
you, Julian, for some time up here. And
um can we do Q&A? Where where we at with
time? Do I got one minute left?
Let's see. Any burning questions? Yeah,
Mike.
Yeah. I mean, I have a little formula
that I use or whatever, but it's like
write down three bottlenecks in your
company. Write down three like blue sky
things in your company. things would be
awesome if you could do then find which
one's like a lowhanging fruit assign a
KPI to that thing and three little
metrics to test on and then map out the
workflow. So just you know could be
support in your case you know or you you
find your bottlenecks you find your blue
skies you pick one that's low hanging
you assign a KPI in it so you can test
over time and then you start sprinting
build a little sprint around that thing
report on the progress say like uh we
want to increase a newsletter click
something like that we want to build a
content building automation to do so
we're going to send out five emails
during our test period so I think it's
just lining up the ideas things that
hurt or things that you want to do that
you can't starting to map some numbers
refers to those things, break down the
workflows in the process, and then once
you got that, it becomes pretty freaking
obvious where AIs can assist along the
way. And you often don't need fancy
things from the get-go. You can start to
pick away at that thing um and learn
along the way. And then once you've got
something that like feels good, that's
the time to really automate that or to
spend some money on it or to, you know,
lock it down, something like that. Yeah.
Any other ones you really want to fire
off?
All right. Well, thank you very much.
Yeah,
Shane built a
massive association
largely as a one person
running so to speak with your AI
and could you just kind of share with us
like some of your your hacks or approach
is to engaging a community on mass as a
one person like I think that's
a business
I got really lucky from the very first
day that I got shown AI I got showed
Mjourney first and I went to the
Midjourney Discord server which is where
it all took place at the time and when I
got there I saw chaos just looked like
the Matrix like just stuff streaming
past the screen written in code I really
didn't know what it meant and I wanted
to dig in because I was just seeing the
power but I didn't know how or where and
so that very day I just you're allowed
to make your own Discord server and then
run the midjourney bot on it. So I built
the Discord server through the
midjourney bot on it and then I invited
all my connections from like the last 20
years in tech into that space and um and
so from the very get-go of my AI
journey, it's been about like community
and exploring things together. And I
think that that's a big part of it is
like I'm truly trying to lift people up
and to I'm going down my own rabbit
holes. I'm bringing back the best of my
knowledge. I'm sharing it in ways that I
hopefully will lift people up. I try to
talk more about other people than I do
about myself the best I can. I try to
form a strong opinion that's defendable
and and and from my core. And uh you
know, I guess the last thing I will say,
thank you for just being a little bit
permissive. I gave you guys five minutes
back of your clock earlier because you
said you were behind. So now I'll just
take two two minutes of it. um of of it
back. But uh it's back to that ven
diagram thing. It's like uh there's only
one you and that very unique part of you
is the part that we want to amplify
using this AI stuff. And so just getting
really clear about that value that you
offer to the world, who you are, what
your perspective is, and leaning into
that. I think more than ever we're being
invited to be very unique individuals as
opposed to like vanilla conformists or
whatever because there's going to be a
lot of that that AI is gonna be really
good at giving us kind of vanilla um
aggregate mainstream type of stuff but
it's going to be about having strong
opinions having those in community
having those in you know safe learning
circles where you can share and kind of
just like lift up other people that you
believe in. Thanks in